README.md, before:

# EnigmaDroid

**EnigmaDroid** is a modern, user-friendly app that lets you control your Enigma2-based satellite or cable set-top box directly from your Android device.

Everywhere in your home, **EnigmaDroid** gives you full access to your receiver’s features and content.

## Installation

[<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/io.github.deprec8.enigmadroid)
[<img src="https://gitlab.com/IzzyOnDroid/repo/-/raw/master/assets/IzzyOnDroid.png" alt="Get it on IzzyOnDroid"  height="80">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/io.github.deprec8.enigmadroid)
[<img src="badge_github.png" alt="Get it on GitHub" height="80">](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/releases)

## Features

- **Live TV Streaming**: Watch live broadcasts from your Enigma2 box on your device using a compatible video player.
- **Playback Recordings**: Browse and play your saved shows and movies with a compatible video player.
- **Channel & Bouquet List**: Quickly navigate your full channel lineup and favorite bouquets.
- **Remote Control**: Full on-screen remote with keypad.
- **Timer Management**: Add, remove or edit timers and scheduled recordings.
- **EPG Support**: View Electronic Program Guide data with detailed show info.
- **Search & Filter**: Find channels or programs with built-in search on every page.
- **Multi-box Support**: Connect to multiple receivers and switch between them with ease.

## Streaming

EnigmaDroid currently only supports external media players for streaming live content and movies.

[**VLC**](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-android.html) is recommended, but other media players can also work.

## Translation

[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/enigmadroid/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/enigmadroid) [![Crowdin Push](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-push.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-push.yml) [![Crowdin Pull](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-pull.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-pull.yml)

Translation is done on [**Crowdin**](https://crowdin.com/project/enigmadroid).

If you notice any error in the translations feel free to correct it there.

## Requirements

- A set-top box running **Enigma2**
- **OpenWebif** plugin enabled and configured

## Compatibility

Tested with popular Enigma2 images like **VTi**.

## Screenshots

| <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.jpg" alt="Navigation drawer" /> | <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.jpg" alt="Remote" />     | <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.jpg" alt="Add timer" /> |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.jpg" alt="Devices" />           | <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.jpg" alt="Edit device"/> |                                                                                               |

Commit message:

Revise translation information in README
Updated translation section for clarity and accuracy.

README.md, after:

# EnigmaDroid

**EnigmaDroid** is a modern, user-friendly app that lets you control your Enigma2-based satellite or cable set-top box directly from your Android device.

Everywhere in your home, **EnigmaDroid** gives you full access to your receiver’s features and content.

## Installation

[<img src="https://f-droid.org/badge/get-it-on.png" alt="Get it on F-Droid" height="80">](https://f-droid.org/packages/io.github.deprec8.enigmadroid)
[<img src="https://gitlab.com/IzzyOnDroid/repo/-/raw/master/assets/IzzyOnDroid.png" alt="Get it on IzzyOnDroid"  height="80">](https://apt.izzysoft.de/fdroid/index/apk/io.github.deprec8.enigmadroid)
[<img src="badge_github.png" alt="Get it on GitHub" height="80">](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/releases)

## Features

- **Live TV Streaming**: Watch live broadcasts from your Enigma2 box on your device using a compatible video player.
- **Playback Recordings**: Browse and play your saved shows and movies with a compatible video player.
- **Channel & Bouquet List**: Quickly navigate your full channel lineup and favorite bouquets.
- **Remote Control**: Full on-screen remote with keypad.
- **Timer Management**: Add, remove or edit timers and scheduled recordings.
- **EPG Support**: View Electronic Program Guide data with detailed show info.
- **Search & Filter**: Find channels or programs with built-in search on every page.
- **Multi-box Support**: Connect to multiple receivers and switch between them with ease.

## Streaming

EnigmaDroid currently only supports external media players for streaming live content and movies.

[**VLC**](https://www.videolan.org/vlc/download-android.html) is recommended, but other media players can also work.

## Translation

[![Crowdin](https://badges.crowdin.net/enigmadroid/localized.svg)](https://crowdin.com/project/enigmadroid)
[![Crowdin Push](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-push.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-push.yml)
[![Crowdin Pull](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-pull.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/deprec8/EnigmaDroid/actions/workflows/crowdin-pull.yml)

Translation is managed on [**Crowdin**](https://crowdin.com/project/enigmadroid).

Most translations in this project are generated using machine translation and may require further refinement for full accuracy.

If you notice any errors, feel free to correct them directly on Crowdin.

## Requirements

- A set-top box running **Enigma2**
- **OpenWebif** plugin enabled and configured

## Compatibility

Tested with popular Enigma2 images like **VTi**.

## Screenshots

| <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/1.jpg" alt="Navigation drawer" /> | <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/2.jpg" alt="Remote" />     | <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/3.jpg" alt="Add timer" /> |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/4.jpg" alt="Devices" />           | <img src="./fastlane/metadata/android/en-US/images/phoneScreenshots/5.jpg" alt="Edit device"/> |                                                                                               |
